Remove --dev flag mentions from doc (#196)
paritytech/ink-docs: docs/getting-started/running.md

substrate-contracts-node
```

> **Note:** `substrate-ontracts-node` use the `--dev` flag by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `substrate-contracts-node` uses the `--dev` flag by default. 
```

> Specify this `--dev` flag when you want to run a development chain with another binary (e.g using the Substrate Node Template).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to specify the `--dev` flag when you want to run a development chain with another binary (e.g using the Substrate Node Template).
```
